yes
hello kids how are you we are
here in the channel of iván forero in the
fourth floor of the stud challenge and nothing
first of all tell you that many
thanks for the support you are having
this series that every episode that I upload
has more support than the previous one and that's
really amazing that I give you the
thank you and nothing will happen to explain
the acrobatics and good as I am already
like to attract enough variety the series
I like to do acrobatics with all the
vehicles and in this case it is with the
bicycle and nothing what we're going to have
to do is to jump from the echelon
high from there catch jumping to the last
step of the last step jump to the
handrail and handrail
all the railing until you reach the end
It is quite complicated but good to see
how does it come out because you celestial a shawl in
number 4 good let's go there first try
of acrobatics tell you that is croatia
it seems easy but it is not very
difficult to highlight ok we go to the
handrail and almost almost we're going there
second try we jumped perfect
wall is good good not bad pass the
second is not bad in the jump
perfect we jump again let's go let's go
come on ole ole ole can not be serious
I have not gone three minutes and already
I have
not so good guys what are we going to
do first I will remove the map
because listed 50 and had the map
put so the de facto approval did not
It's worth nothing and nothing will try
complicate a little more acrobatics and
I will try linear with the head of
character will be more difficult because the
gravel makes me do
It has been very simple, it did not take three
minutes to do it - let's go there
go Go
the most pathetic acrobatics in fact in my
I'm going to call her the boy I'm going to
trying to make a comeback before the
first jump because this complicates a
little more grace let's go uy
we skip the half-turn as we go
come on uy uy there has been very little missing
very little worth we go there even more than
seven minutes we are perfect let's continue
Underwater
vale vale vale vale would be something guy
it would be something like that we're on the right track
let's wake up we turn perfect not
it can be no
the boys we jump well let's go
because little macho because little or
we are again let's go let's go let's go
seriously serious uncle to say that this
it may be the good
we highlight how are we going
and yet we are going this has to come out already
of guys we go we jump perfect
we jump god that this detachment comes
we go there guys 23 minutes we jump
what the fuck this is expert
let's go there guys have this let's
we are going let's go not all blame the
have that network let's go there guys for
please leave because you already have one more
of 25 minutes let's go let's not kabul's
austria I shit on the whore I shit on the
host bitch to musician do not have to think
if you have to do good acrobatics
let's concentrate
seriously serious seriously fuck let's go guys
I'm starting to walk now
acrobatics has
the host we are going
or not
come on guys please come out now
I'm tired of this acrobatics
we are going to send a request seriously
send a request come guys never
we have to surrender let's go we can
get if we go do not fuck you have to
get to the end fuck we are
approaching a lot of guys we have to
little one has to leave now please
Come on, man, come on, guys, please.
let's go let's go up it 's good
it's good
do not fuck me can not fuck me come
guys I feel that it 's in the good no
I know why but I can feel it
and gets perfect morros going
guys have to leave we're already
please we are perfect let's go and with everything
the teeth on the railing
this seems good let's go let's go for
please please yes yes finally finally
acrobatics completed guys
a lot from here the fourth floor of
expelled I hope you liked it
very much as I always say you have the
infection songs if you want
birds and have a look too
you have my channel in the description itself
you want to pay or without subscribing to what
I would appreciate very much and as I say
always like that it costs nothing and I
I also appreciate it and nothing we see in
the next episode goodbye